try to catch mouse wheel events to scroll the detail pane

make the details pane get focus, so it can scroll

either disable clicking until it's ready, or stop loading and immediately respond to a click. Needs some torture testing.  Test subject B was able to make it freeze with some over-enthusiastic clicking.

add help text at the top of the page?

(As a stand-alone page) I should add a classification drop-down and add a step to the navigation where I look up the node in the selected classification for the selected taxon concept.

consider fitting names to boxes.  (But I want to avoid giving the impression that any node is more important just because its box is wide enough to accomodate the name at full size).

What to do about very high-branching nodes? Life > Animalia > Arthropoda > Insecta > Diptera

Try jQuery.trim() to fix the EOL API responses with the extra &nbsp;s

Layout is broken in IE

Try to make it more iphone-browser friendly (no hover, no scroll, wider aspect ratio)

set a max-height on the detail panel image, so tall images don't take over the whole panel.  (css max-height doesn't work for this, it just squashes the scaled image vertically.  Will have to do in javascript.)

sometimes the parent box gets the mouseover on the very edge of the jit panel and the child doesn't, so the parent gets displayed in the detail box when you're hovering a child.

Add a friendly "You don't seem to have javascript enabled" message

invite the user to install Chrome Frame if they are using IE

A fancy zoom animation when traversing the tree would be nice, and could cover up some tree fetch latency

Maybe limit the image zoom for really high aspect ratios.  (to avoid a close up of a small midsection)

Try to get the thumbnail, if available, for the tree view, full image for detail view

(in EOL page lightbox) try to prevent the scrolling from bubbling up to the eol page

(in EOL page lightbox) make initial location be the current page's node.  (with only one ancestor shown?)

Add search